CIS Ubuntu Linux 16.04 LTS Benchmark Evaluation of goyal10-linux Ended: 2017-
02-15T02:19:28.849-06:00 pass: 1.1.1.1 Ensure mounting of cramfs filesystems is
disabled pass: 1.1.1.2 Ensure mounting of freevxfs filesystems is disabled
pass: 1.1.1.3 Ensure mounting of jffs2 filesystems is disabled pass: 1.1.1.4
Ensure mounting of hfs filesystems is disabled pass: 1.1.1.5 Ensure mounting of
hfsplus filesystems is disabled fail: 1.1.1.6 Ensure mounting of squashfs
filesystems is disabled pass: 1.1.1.7 Ensure mounting of udf filesystems is
disabled fail: 1.1.1.8 Ensure mounting of FAT filesystems is disabled pass:
1.1.3 Ensure nodev option set on /tmp partition pass: 1.1.4 Ensure nosuid
option set on /tmp partition pass: 1.1.7 Ensure nodev option set on /var/tmp
partition pass: 1.1.8 Ensure nosuid option set on /var/tmp partition pass:
1.1.9 Ensure noexec option set on /var/tmp partition pass: 1.1.13 Ensure nodev
option set on /home partition pass: 1.1.14 Ensure nodev option set on /dev/shm
partitiov pass: 1.1.15 Ensure nosuid option set on /dev/shm partitionrun fail:
1.1.16 Ensure noexec option set on /dev/shm partition pass: 1.1.20 Ensure
sticky bit is set on all world-writable directories pass: 1.1.21 Disable
Automounting fail: 1.3.1 Ensure AIDE is installed fail: 1.3.2 Ensure filesystem
integrity is regularly checked fail: 1.4.1 Ensure permissions on bootloader
config are configured fail: 1.4.2 Ensure bootloader password is set fail: 1.5.1
Ensure core dumps are restricted informational: 1.5.2 Ensure XD/NX support is
enabled pass: 1.5.3 Ensure address space layout randomization (ASLR) is enabled
pass: 1.5.4 Ensure prelink is disabled pass: 1.7.1.1 Ensure message of the day
is configured properly informational: 1.7.1.2 Ensure local login warning banner
is configured properly informational: 1.7.1.3 Ensure remote login warning
banner is configured properly informational: 1.7.1.4 Ensure permissions on /
etc/motd are configured pass: 1.7.1.5 Ensure permissions on /etc/issue are
configured informational: 1.7.1.6 Ensure permissions on /etc/issue.net are
configured pass: 1.7.2 Ensure GDM login banner is configured pass: 2.1.1 Ensure
chargen services are not enabled pass: 2.1.2 Ensure daytime services are not
enabled pass: 2.1.3 Ensure discard services are not enabled pass: 2.1.4 Ensure
echo services are not enabled pass: 2.1.5 Ensure time services are not enabled
pass: 2.1.6 Ensure rsh server is not enabled pass: 2.1.7 Ensure talk server is
not enabled pass: 2.1.8 Ensure telnet server is not enabled pass: 2.1.9 Ensure
tftp server is not enabled pass: 2.1.10 Ensure xinetd is not enabled
informational: 2.2.1.1 Ensure time synchronization is in use pass: 2.2.1.2
Ensure ntp is configured pass: 2.2.1.3 Ensure chrony is configured pass: 2.2.2
Ensure X Window System is not installed pass: 2.2.3 Ensure Avahi Server is not
enabled pass: 2.2.4 Ensure CUPS is not enabled pass: 2.2.5 Ensure DHCP Server
is not enabled pass: 2.2.6 Ensure LDAP server is not enabled pass: 2.2.7 Ensure
NFS and RPC are not enabled pass: 2.2.8 Ensure DNS Server is not enabled pass:
2.2.9 Ensure FTP Server is not enabled pass: 2.2.10 Ensure HTTP server is not
enabled pass: 2.2.11 Ensure IMAP and POP3 server is not enabled pass: 2.2.12
Ensure Samba is not enabled pass: 2.2.13 Ensure HTTP Proxy Server is not
enabled pass: 2.2.14 Ensure SNMP Server is not enabled pass: 2.2.15 Ensure mail
transfer agent is configured for local-only mode pass: 2.2.16 Ensure rsync
service is not enabled pass: 2.2.17 Ensure NIS Server is not enabled pass:
2.3.1 Ensure NIS Client is not installed pass: 2.3.2 Ensure rsh client is not
installed pass: 2.3.3 Ensure talk client is not installed fail: 2.3.4 Ensure
telnet client is not installed pass: 2.3.5 Ensure LDAP client is not installed
pass: 3.1.1 Ensure IP forwarding is disabled fail: 3.1.2 Ensure packet redirect
sending is disabled fail: 3.2.1 Ensure source routed packets are not accepted
fail: 3.2.2 Ensure ICMP redirects are not accepted fail: 3.2.3 Ensure secure
ICMP redirects are not accepted fail: 3.2.4 Ensure suspicious packets are
logged pass: 3.2.5 Ensure broadcast ICMP requests are ignored pass: 3.2.6
Ensure bogus ICMP responses are ignored pass: 3.2.7 Ensure Reverse Path
Filtering is enabled pass: 3.2.8 Ensure TCP SYN Cookies is enabled
informational: 3.3.1 Ensure IPv6 router advertisements are not accepted
informational: 3.3.2 Ensure IPv6 redirects are not accepted informational:
3.3.3 Ensure IPv6 is disabled pass: 3.4.1 Ensure TCP Wrappers is installed
pass: 3.4.2 Ensure /etc/hosts.allow is configured fail: 3.4.3 Ensure /etc/
hosts.deny is configured pass: 3.4.4 Ensure permissions on /etc/hosts.allow are
configured pass: 3.4.5 Ensure permissions on /etc/hosts.deny are 644
informational: 3.5.1 Ensure DCCP is disabled informational: 3.5.2 Ensure SCTP
is disabled informational: 3.5.3 Ensure RDS is disabled informational: 3.5.4
Ensure TIPC is disabled pass: 3.6.1 Ensure iptables is installed fail: 3.6.2
Ensure default deny firewall policy fail: 3.6.3 Ensure loopback traffic is
configured fail: 3.6.5 Ensure firewall rules exist for all open ports pass:
4.2.1.1 Ensure rsyslog Service is enabled pass: 4.2.1.3 Ensure rsyslog default
file permissions configured fail: 4.2.1.4 Ensure rsyslog is configured to send
logs to a remote log host pass: 4.2.2.1 Ensure syslog-ng service is enabled
pass: 4.2.2.3 Ensure syslog-ng default file permissions configured pass: 4.2.3
Ensure rsyslog or syslog-ng is installed fail: 4.2.4 Ensure permissions on all
logfiles are configured pass: 5.1.1 Ensure cron daemon is enabled fail: 5.1.2
Ensure permissions on /etc/crontab are configured fail: 5.1.3 Ensure
permissions on /etc/cron.hourly are configured fail: 5.1.4 Ensure permissions
on /etc/cron.daily are configured fail: 5.1.5 Ensure permissions on /etc/
cron.weekly are configured fail: 5.1.6 Ensure permissions on /etc/cron.monthly
are configured fail: 5.1.7 Ensure permissions on /etc/cron.d are configured
fail: 5.1.8 Ensure at/cron is restricted to authorized users fail: 5.2.1 Ensure
permissions on /etc/ssh/sshd_config are configured fail: 5.2.2 Ensure SSH
Protocol is set to 2 fail: 5.2.3 Ensure SSH LogLevel is set to INFO fail: 5.2.4
Ensure SSH X11 forwarding is disabled fail: 5.2.5 Ensure SSH MaxAuthTries is
set to 4 or less fail: 5.2.6 Ensure SSH IgnoreRhosts is enabled fail: 5.2.7
Ensure SSH HostbasedAuthentication is disabled fail: 5.2.8 Ensure SSH root
login is disabled fail: 5.2.9 Ensure SSH PermitEmptyPasswords is disabled fail:
5.2.10 Ensure SSH PermitUserEnvironment is disabled fail: 5.2.11 Ensure only
approved MAC algorithms are used fail: 5.2.12 Ensure SSH Idle Timeout Interval
is configured fail: 5.2.13 Ensure SSH LoginGraceTime is set to one minute or
less fail: 5.2.14 Ensure SSH access is limited fail: 5.2.15 Ensure SSH warning
banner is configured fail: 5.3.1 Ensure password creation requirements are
configured fail: 5.3.3 Ensure password reuse is limited pass: 5.3.4 Ensure
password hashing algorithm is SHA-512 fail: 5.4.1.1 Ensure password expiration
is 90 days or less fail: 5.4.1.2 Ensure minimum days between password changes
is 7 or more pass: 5.4.1.3 Ensure password expiration warning days is 7 or more
fail: 5.4.1.4 Ensure inactive password lock is 30 days or less fail: 5.4.2
Ensure system accounts are non-login pass: 5.4.3 Ensure default group for the
root account is GID 0 fail: 5.4.4 Ensure default user umask is 027 or more
restrictive fail: 5.6 Ensure access to the su command is restricted pass: 6.1.2
Ensure permissions on /etc/passwd are configured pass: 6.1.3 Ensure permissions
on /etc/shadow are configured pass: 6.1.4 Ensure permissions on /etc/group are
configured pass: 6.1.5 Ensure permissions on /etc/gshadow are configured pass:
6.1.6 Ensure permissions on /etc/passwd- are configured pass: 6.1.7 Ensure
permissions on /etc/shadow- are configured pass: 6.1.8 Ensure permissions on /
etc/group- are configured pass: 6.1.9 Ensure permissions on /etc/gshadow- are
configured fail: 6.1.10 Ensure no world writable files exist pass: 6.1.11
Ensure no unowned files or directories exist pass: 6.1.12 Ensure no ungrouped
files or directories exist pass: 6.2.1 Ensure password fields are not empty
pass: 6.2.2 Ensure no legacy "+" entries exist in /etc/passwd pass: 6.2.3
Ensure no legacy "+" entries exist in /etc/shadow pass: 6.2.4 Ensure no legacy
"+" entries exist in /etc/group pass: 6.2.5 Ensure root is the only UID 0
account fail: 6.2.6 Ensure root PATH Integrity fail: 6.2.7 Ensure all users'
home directories exist fail: 6.2.8 Ensure users' home directories permissions
are 750 or more restrictive pass: 6.2.9 Ensure users own their home directories
fail: 6.2.10 Ensure users' dot files are not group or world writable pass:
6.2.11 Ensure no users have .forward files pass: 6.2.12 Ensure no users have
.netrc files pass: 6.2.13 Ensure users' .netrc Files are not group or world
accessible pass: 6.2.14 Ensure no users have .rhosts files pass: 6.2.15 Ensure
all groups in /etc/passwd exist in /etc/group pass: 6.2.16 Ensure no duplicate
UIDs exist pass: 6.2.17 Ensure no duplicate GIDs exist pass: 6.2.18 Ensure no
duplicate user names exist pass: 6.2.19 Ensure no duplicate group names exist
pass: 6.2.20 Ensure shadow group is empty ********** Total ********** Pass: 98
Fail: 55 Error: 0 Unknown: 0 Not Selected: 67 Actual Pass: 98.0 Maximum
Possible: 153.0 Score: 64%
